Update documentation on how to use this repository (#3)
Remi-Gau/reproschema_app_template: README.md

# Template repository to create an app based on repro schema + UI

This repository provides the basic environment and automation to set up an app
running the
[Reproschema user interface](https://github.com/ReproNim/reproschema-ui) and
with questionnaires encoded as a
[Reproschema](https://github.com/ReproNim/reproschema).

## Changes to make to get your app running

> - [ ] Use this
>       [template to create a new repository on your account](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/creating-a-repository-from-a-template).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Click 'Use this
      [template' to create a new repository on your account](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/creating-a-repository-from-a-template).
```

> - [ ] Click 'Use this
>       [template' to create a new repository on your account](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/creating-a-repository-from-a-template).

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] Click `Use this template` to [create a new repository on your account](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/creating-a-repository-from-a-template).
```

> - [ ] Clone the newly created repository.

Author: Add a link to documentation `git clone`

- [ ] Change the name of the `github` repository to `.github` to make sure that
      Github will recognize it as folder to look into and run some its Github
      actions (the continuous integration service runby Github).
- [ ] Add your `protocol_schema` file in the protocols folder.

> - [ ] Make sure to modify `github/workflows/build_deploy.yml`, so that the
>       reproschema python package will run on the right protocol_schema. Look for
>       something like the snippet of code below:

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] Make sure to modify `.github/workflows/build_deploy.yml`, so that the
      reproschema python package will run on the right protocol_schema. Look for
      something like the snippet of code below:
```
